date: 28-02-2018
title: Fritter and SSB

The three goals for this week that I mentioned yesterday are:

1. **Move my home server to a Raspberry Pi.**
1. **Continue work on an in-progress game.**
1. **Finish the Fritter mentions feature.**

These aren't in any particular order, which I'm glad about - I'm much farther in the Fritter development than I am on either of the other two tasks!

I'm keeping track of my work on Fritter mentions in [this PR](https://github.com/beakerbrowser/fritter/pull/28), and I wanted to jot down a couple notes along the way:

1. I'm enjoying using the [yo-yo library](https://www.npmjs.com/package/yo-yo) on Fritter. While it's definitely less powerful than my favorite framework, Vue (having to hand-code the reactivity that Vue has built in is showing me how spoiled I am with that framework!), yo-yo's 4kb min+gzip size is a solid point in its favor. The smallest site I've managed to build in Vue comes in at around 100kb minified.
1. The differences between `onkeydown` and `onkeyup` events are really interesting. Keyup events can be really useful for creating a seamless experience (other projects I've worked on tend to feel weird with keydown interactivity - like they're a little too responsive or eager), while keydown events are necessary to prevent default behavior for meta keys like "enter" and the arrow keys.
1. I really, really like only having to develop for one browser :D Since Beaker is the only browser that supports Dat at the moment, and Fritter runs on Dat, Beaker's my only place to test!

I'm looking to wrap up with the first draft of Fritter mentions tomorrow, test in the next couple days, and submit a new PR by the start of next week. We'll see how the rest of the goals go!
