date: 01-03-2018
title: Home Server

One more updated to-do list for this week!

1. ~~**Move my home server to a Raspberry Pi.**~~
1. **Continue work on an in-progress game.**
1. ~~**Finish the Fritter mentions feature.**~~

There are still some more files to copy over from the PC to the Pi, but I finished up setting up the Raspberry Pi at home and setting the local router's port forwarding up correctly.

I learned a lot of interesting things during this process about local networking:

1. **A router bundles up all the devices connected to it to a single global IP address, with each device getting its own local IP address.** This makes connecting to other devices on a local network as simple as entering their local IP address, which is often some variant on `192.168.x.x`. Most devices have no open ports available, so they won't accept any incoming connections.
1. **Local IP addresses are usually dynamically assigned, but can be reserved for specific devices.** When a new devices connects to a local network, it'll receive a dynamic local IP address - unless the user has already told the router to save a specific local IP address for that device.
1. **Newer routers have lots of forwarding options available.** Our router can be set up to accept incoming connections and forward them to any local IP address and port (which is where reserved local IP addresses come in handy - you don't want to have to reconfigure port forwarding every time you reconnect a device).
1. **Dynamic DNS services fill the gap between global IP addresses for a home connection (which are provided by an ISP and can change) and a user-friendly domain name.** DynDNS services are extremely useful when it comes to keeping up-to-date with your current global IP address.

A couple other miscellaneous notes:

* I had trouble connecting to my home server in Beaker with the DynDNS name. Is this a known bug?
* I have to use a local IP address when connecting *to* my local network *from* my local network (ie, the DynDNS service doesn't work when on my local network, because it resolves to my global IP address).

This might be good material to condense into a game during the next Ludum Dare - I'd like to make some of these concepts a bit more approachable for non-tech users, and a game seems like a good way to do it. In any case, this was a fun and worthwhile project, and I'm glad to get most of the way there!
